{This book provides a number of tips for surviving the post-war Mojave. You scan for information that seems unfamiliar}

Alcohol

...liked to drink because it made him stronger, but was prone to bouts of drunkenness. I reckon the average man could take enough drinks in him to half his Endurance before he got drunk. Though you would cut that in half for hard liquor. If you find yourself in this position, it's best to wait it out or sleep it off. In time, the alcohol will leave your system[...] Even seen some with a certain Trait that would black out completely, waking up in strange places.

On the Day and the Night

...maybe I'm losing it, but it seems like time moves a lot slower lately. Probably for the best, in recent history the Mojave has been fertile ground for packs of feral ghouls at night. And it's so damn hard to see anything, even with a light.

Caravan Routes

...the safest way to get around the Mojave is to catch a route with a caravan. They go to nearly every corner of the area and will escort wastelanders for a small fee.

Properties

{You see a handwritten advertisement for a property dealer in Freeside named Bishop}

On Companions

...for years I had a traveling companion not smart enough to use the damned Stimpaks and Antivemon I'd given them. Fortunately it looks modern wastelanders have smartened up and are fully capable of this!

[...]

...had a little robot companion, and when he'd get whacked down by a Radscorpion, he pulled out those parts he'd been carrying around and fixed him right there. Told me some Repair men can even fix them without parts.

Cooking

...saw a guy turn a barrel fire into a makeshift grill. It was either that or eat the meat raw and risk getting Raw Food Poisoning...

Infections

...recognized two types of common infections, parasite and bacteria. These can come from a variety of sources, including wild animal attacks and even swimming! A basic doctor check-up won't even get rid of them, although they will go away on their own after a few days. The best instant treatment is Antibiotics, but they hard to find an expensive when you do. They even work for the parasite infections, though I'm not sure how. These types of infections are also common with dirty water, though the more survivalist types might be able to stomach it.

Radiation

...got pretty gnarly rad poisoning from one of those little green pools you see all over the Mojave. Funny, I never remembered those giving people problems before.

Long-term Injuries

...let his broken arm go a little too long without being properly healed. Ending up setting and costing him a bit of dexterity. Heard of another guy had a similar thing happen with a head injury, except he came out of a it a little dumber.

On Learning and Experience

...very hard to be a true jack-of-all-trades. Choose a few skills to focus on, and you'll have a much easier time improving those skills -- perhaps twice as fast as the skills you aren't specialized in.




