{this publication describes a variety of techniques for crafting in the Mojave. Your eyes scan for entries that that seem important or unfamiliar}

Ammunition

...new techniques in the specialty of ammo crafting allows more generic use of primer. Now craftsmen can refurbish ammo by using either rifle primer or pistol primer, rather than sub-variants such as Large Pistol Primer, Small Pistol Primer, etc.

Cooking

...he complained about a stomach bug and blurry vision. Clearest case of Raw Food Poisoning I've ever seen. Remember, friends, always cook your meat to avoid this terrible affliction. Those more adept at Survival techniques can create incredible dishes that rival the effects of chems, if he can find or grow the right ingredients. My personal favorite are the Brahmin fries. But even the average wasteland buffoon can cook basic meat!

Fertilizer

...and powers much of the economic activity in the Mojave. Fertilizer can be easy made by those with even middling Survival or Science skills at a campfire of chemistry set. The most common ingredient is Brahmin Dung, but some folks also make it with spoiled meat.

Chems

...no longer considered feasible to make chems around a campfire. Fortunately, there are a number of chemistry sets around the Mojave[...] Homemade Stimpaks and Homemade Jet are some of the most popular crafted chems for those with at least a middling aptitude at Science. Those with more advanced skills can even make the real deal. If a man had a reliable source of fertilizer, he'd probably do pretty well for himself selling Jet.

Armor

...she wore what appeared to be an NCR Trooper's uniform, but all NCR markings had been covered or removed, to avoid rousing the NCR's enemies. She showed me the technique, using scrap metal and a leather belt. I imagine those with Survival skills could follow the same procedure for just about any faction armor.

[...]

...what appeared to an ordinary outfit had been reinforced to provide more protection. As he explained, the process required a donor set of metal armor, and of course one competent enough in their Repair skills.

[...]

...had crafted an Armor Repair Kit from leather, glue, scrap metal, an duct tape -- and by god it worked! Anyone with decent Repair chops should be able to do the same.